Save me guys, I'm here with the motorola.
motokey xt on android 5.1
however emerson of end 7 222 21.7 and
People are going to teach the dust 21.15 that is the
last
you will first download the file
backup you already have ruth
you will download the backup file is
that some folders just like me
I explain in the description that until wrp backups
etc
and you will move the backup file
for the folder twr p
let's search it here wrp backup
if you can not create the folders
video you will make a backup on wrc
cancel it there it will create folders
right and you just one move let's
turn off the device here put animal
of fast boot
for those who do not know the volume down
safe on / off button for some
seconds until it appears on the special screen
if you have ruch that is this tutorial
crucial for anyone who has ruth
you should have installed the twr p is a
indentation and custom
remembering that this tutorial is only
for advanced eyes that have ute and
installed twr p
in the pw ip menu is incredibly simple
type c under backup puts the
correct and restore restore etc and the good
this tutorial that you do not lose
data
remembering that in the beginning the version of the
system
222 points 21.7 we're going to the final 15
222 21.15
we will restore and only expect to restore and
this backup it will only modify the
kernel and system folders
repeating you do not pick up data and this
I think it's incredible is a way
yes incredibly simple wipe upgrade
system restore system by restoring the
system is now ending reboots system
software reboots they have it it goes
connect with the new system the users who
have ruth's the best way but if you
today're born and die 12 to keira
this new version you will lose your
Yes, I find the team using the
applications is very incredible you know
that you will not miss anything old even
you have to route setter to know that you do not
will lose your data is enough time
completing the startup ready even
to pp connected on the same wifi network
Let's type here soon.
all the same applications
installed and over here telephone people
you can see that it is the new version to 222
21.15 to end 15 has several improvements
connection related 4g wifi connection
and 7 the system is more stable and only
cheers to motorola, no problem
using it for a long time and that's it